Shapeshifting game.



GamePlay
DONKEY KONG COUNTRY
side scrolling level based with over worlds. each world has a final boss that will use the new recently acuired transformation to kill it.
will be save Areas in each world.  on lives out resets to last save. Level unlock order is linear, minus a few secret paths like super mario.
secret area on maps to give more depth. Collect stuffing, Hay, or cotton balls around map at 100 +1 life.


Good Vs Evil
Threw out game the player will be given different ways to pass certain puzzle the easy and evil way, or the hard but good way. these choices
will directly impact the players experiance, the more evil your choices the harder the ai becomes. but the puzzles are straight formward and simple
 the better your choices the ai stays as it currently is. will not go down. But the good way takes significantly more time. at least triple.this will 
also have and effect unknown to the player of the later game shapes unlocked EXM Snake vs mouse. and will be givens a choice of 4 endings.
Pure good,semi good,semi evil,pure evil. when a path is chosen a symbol will appear on screen, one of a devil or angel letting the player know 
what their action was.

Main player
The player is a berlap humanoid, He woke up  on a dark forest floor. that is all that is really know of him. all transformation are learn as he travel by 
finding picture of different animals (or shapes). the player character is scared of fire and will not be able to go near flames. the destination of the character 
is unknow until the end, subtle hints will be given threwout game to give players Slight history and let them make up their own story base of that.

Ai
The ai will be flame carrying humanoids, of a differnet variety. "undecided". it will be know from the first level their goal is to destroy all the shape shifter
Will be many different varietys of them, some fly some jump some just stand and throw fire. ai will be mixed, but as the player makes more evil decicions harder 
ai will take the plaace of the weaker. exm, flame throwing guy will be replace with a flamethower guy.

Art
Should be dark and gloomy, see example 1 with occasional glimspes of sun at end of levels to show the player is nearing the end. the character player is a berlap humanoid
and all transformations will be berlap skinned. See example 2-3.

Transformations
regular form- capalbe of interacting with world objects
Elephant- Heavy capable of moving large objects
Bird- light can fly in windy areas
Snake/mouse- can travel threw small passages
lion,deer- Can jump very high
shark/dolphin, can swim underwater
